Added a few examples to cover some information that wasn't previously covered in the docs (#10)
AdaloHQ/docs: website/docs/marketplace/examples/example-force-rerender.md

---
id: example-force-rerender
title: Force Component to Re-Render
---

Sometimes, some parts of a component will not re-render in the editor, even if you change a value. 
In order to force a re-render, you can add a `key` prop to the component like so:

```javascript
export default class AdaloComponent extends Component {
  render() {
    const { iconSize, iconColor } = this.props
    return (
      <Icon
        key={`playButton.${iconSize}`}
        color={iconColor}
        size={iconSize}
      />
    )
  }
}
```

> In this example, the problem was that `Icon` would not re-render in the editor when I changed its size.
> To fix this issue, I added a prop to `Icon` called `key`. Its value is a string that changes value whenever
> `iconSize` changes value. It is also a unique string, meaning that if I have multiple icons they each need to
> have their own key value. 

Reviewer: Try to keep away from possessive language in docs

```suggestion
In this example, the problem was that `Icon` would not re-render in the editor when its size would change.
To fix this issue, we added a prop to `Icon` called `key`. Its value is a string that changes value whenever
`iconSize` changes value. It is also a unique string, meaning that if we have multiple icons they each need to
have their own key value. 
```
